Add Java bindings for Dapr extension (#131)
Azure/azure-functions-dapr-extension: samples/java-azurefunction/README.md

# Java Azure Function Sample

This tutorial will demonstrate how to use Azure Functions programming model to integrate with multiple Dapr components. Please first go through the [Dapr quickstarts](https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts) to get some contexts on various Dapr building blocks as well as go through Azure Functions [hello-world sample](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/create-first-function-vs-code-java) to familiarize with function programming model.

> We'll be running a Darp'd function app locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll be running a Dapr-ized function app locally:
```

3) Interact with [Dapr Bindings](https://github.com/dapr/components-contrib/tree/master/bindings) using `DaprBinding`

## Prerequisites
This sample requires you to have the following installed on your machine:
- [Setup Dapr](https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts/tree/master/hello-world) : Follow [instructions](https://docs.dapr.io/getting-started/install-dapr/) to download and install the Dapr CLI and initialize Dapr.
- [Install Azure Functions Core Tool](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-core-tools/blob/master/README.md#windows)
- [Run Kafka Docker Container Locally](https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts/tree/master/bindings). The required Kafka files is located in `samples\dapr-kafka` directory.

  ```
  docker-compose -f docker-compose-single-kafka.yml up
  ```
- Follow the [Configure your local environment](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/create-first-function-vs-code-java#configure-your-environment) instructions for Java.
- Install maven
- Install the [.NET SDK](https://aka.ms/dotnet-download)
- Steps to run the Java Azure functions with Dapr extension

>   1. Got to `/java-library` folder and run below commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Go to `/java-library` folder and run below commands.
```

      ```
      mvn clean package
      ```
      Install the created package, change the azure-functions-java-library-dapr version as per pom.xml
      ```
      mvn install:install-file -Dfile=target/azure-functions-java-library-dapr-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar -DgroupId=com.microsoft.azure.functions -DartifactId=azure-functions-java-library-dapr -Dversion=1.0-SNAPSHOT -Dpackaging=jar 
      ```
  2. Go to `Samples/java-azurefunction` directory and perform below steps.
   

>       Manually install the Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Dapr until the extension is not added to Microsoft.Azure.Functions.ExtensionBundle
>    
>       Install the extension with below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Install the Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Dapr package (required until the extension is not added to the extension bundle).
```
